Copyright (c) 2016 SeaLights Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.

Certain inventions disclosed in this file may be claimed within
patents owned or patent applications filed by SeaLights Technologies
Ltd. (“SeaLights”) or third parties.

Subject to the terms of this notice, SeaLights grants you a
nonexclusive, nontransferable license, without the right to
sublicense, to (a) install and execute one copy of these files on any
number of workstations owned or controlled by you and (b) distribute
verbatim copies of these files to third parties. As a condition to
the foregoing grant, you must provide this notice along with each
copy you distribute and you must not remove, alter, or obscure this
notice. All other use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or
other exploitation of these files is strictly prohibited. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall not modify,
alter, adapt, arrange, translate, decompile, disassemble, reverse
engineer, decrypt, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code
or non-literal aspects of, the these files. If you have entered into
a separate written license agreement for these files with SeaLights,
the terms of any such license agreement will control over this
notice. The license stated above will be automatically terminated
and revoked if you exceed its scope or violate any of the terms of
this notice.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of SeaLights, except as
required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of
this file and reproducing the content of this notice. You may not
mark or brand this file with any trade name, trademarks, service
marks, or product names other than the original brand (if any)
provided by SeaLights.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed by SeaLights in a separate written
license agreement, these files are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
As a condition to your use of these files, you are
solely responsible for such use. SeaLights will have no liability to
you for direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or
punitive damages or for lost profits or data.